hello hello hello hello and welcome to
this special special announcement video
/ news info but a little something
exciting giddy are and as you can see on
the screen hecticness this is an awesome
picture but as well as that it's also
the new guild now I had to make this
decision big decision where its maker
guild and killed words now because of
the way to go system works this is why
I'm here to do it you can represent
multiple multiple lots and lots of
different guilds so I thought why not
have one of my own now what we've run
this properly I won't be slacking and
thinking are you can represent different
guilds you know is it's a decision I've
made to make one and everybody is
welcome to join so as we have switched
over to the website here I'm going to
talk a little bit about the information
I suppose that you may need to know want
to know about it it's going to be you
focus guild obviously if there are
international servers etc then everyone
is able to join basically whatever level
you are whatever place are you play is
going to be a completely open guild
obviously we love in game stuff and we
will do awesome stuff as a group but
generally it is just going to be open
guild to anyone who wants to join but on
this note obviously on the websites you
have forums where at the moment you've
only got forced topic beefing things to
fill in yeah topics are so good and but
I can add more and we will talk about
Google's to with the great news of topic
stuff etc so just where normal forums
for the guild and for YouTube stuff I
suppose but it's not gonna be YouTube
focus this is the big thing is I'm going
to run out a proper guild it's not just
going to be just for the YouTube
subscribers you know it's going to be
for everybody basically but the reason
why I'm doing it is for you guys so we
can come together a bit more of a
community and have somewhere to chill
out in Game an off game of course this
is pre-beta so if you're looking for a
good pre beater as well
definitely come and join mine because
I'm definitely going to be in the beta
and we can rock it up together and do
remember that you can obviously
nothing's here at the moment you
remember it can represent multiple
different girls you know you're not
going to be tied down to one so if
you've already got guilds planned or
anything but you still want to join mine
then night is completely fine you still
can literally in game it's not going to
be a problem just whenever you with my
peeps or if we're ever doing anything as
a guild you can just let you represent
our guild so you can switch out like
that and library I'm not gonna really
have and obviously you can just sign up
I think it's this bar here that you sign
up and I shall get your application so I
suppose the only other thing yeah left
to talk about the fact that we've got
our website up and running there's only
one more thing I need to really express
his that at the moment I'm only doing
this by myself I've actually making made
a decision really to try this out
obviously if it fails I'll just stop if
no one joins then you know I'll go cry
in a corner but if all goes well and we
get lots of members etc if it's too much
to handle by myself I'm going to be
looking for so things like offices and
people to help our basically people have
a higher rank if you like in quotations
I don't really like to run a girl like
that otherwise it I've I have explained
in its little introduction but I will be
looking for sort of offices they help me
run the Guild's because I can't do it
all by myself so if you're looking to
you know be a high-ranking member if
you're looking just to be at your member
dam come on website apply and you are
sure to be accepted and yeah that's
about all that is say I'm going to keep
this video nice and short but just to
let you know it's up and out there and
i'll be very happy for you to join and
we can rock it up in the good words
through so i'll see you all next time
thanks for watching and thanks for
joining if you do